it is good to show now a program that gives
remote access to your mobile phone
the name of this program is android
first you have to enter the pre
story
we look for it has shock
Ricardo will install it
already installed you will open it like this
that you open
he will ask you to login
He will follow you step by step.
you can create a one another
using facebook and google
the case of google as well is how you
make the spaces it will open this
screen and already indicate to you that
ready to do remote access
now we are going to the second part in
our computer
now that the application is installed on
Your cell phone will open a browser.
preferably enter the address of the
dotcom website dot com dotroid goes
open this page here you go
typing the data to log in to
you have created a login in this
google area facebook or twitter
in my case I use google
connected I have a motorola x to
from here you can get access to
all your cell phone
on the right side we have a
file fire where any
file that you drag
is automatically saved to your sd card
interesting link this option if you
have a website on the internet and that
directly on your mobile phone
just typing the address here gives ok
your mobile browser is fine
spend some program without having
you download the program the program for
is running just drag
for this area here and yoki also that
will automatically do the installation
to your cell phone
we have the message area you can
be sending message are watching your
posts
and when you are at this site and
received a message automatically
you will be notified here you can also
being in the touches has the catch a
capture in case your cell phone has to
ruth you may be doubling the
his screen can make recordings all
one more case like I do not have this
option is disabled
you have the apps where you have
full access to your applications can
install the applications or even delete
so you can easily stream videos to
all videos that are recorded
inside your cell phone
this camera option it will use the
sound like a webcam
You can be doing what's right.
understand with the same in a way
with remote access ok there's more and I have
some more themes here you can be
downloading your mobile
I still have not tested the files you have
access to all files and folders in the
your mobile phone
Call log recording calls
received made or even lost
You have here to locate cell phone
here you have your location
cell phone informs the member and
the same has already been located here you have
the option that you have requested from mpe
for him to play send a message case
I lost a lock or last
if you are doing all of your content
way photos do you have the photos of
your mobile phone
easy access contacts the songs
solar and all your account data
I hope you enjoyed our video
feel free to make comments and
suggestions and until the next
and this